# Module_5_Challenge
 Monday by 11:59pm 11/6
Analysis

 I started off by looking at the last homework assignment to merge the data. Then for number of mice I did a len() function which gave me too many mice. I figured there was some things repeating so I added a .unique() which gave me the correct answer. For the duplicate I just looked up how to find it on google and I got this website: https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.duplicated.html. I was able to get g989, but it was in a table format. My first thought was it the solution given looked like how .count or .value looks which didn't work out. It took me quite some time, but after I read what we are suppose to be doing and one word jumped out at me "identified" which made me think of the loc and iloc function. I was a little annoyed so I was just trying anything and it after some error codes I got what looked very similar but had all the duplicates and the answer only had one. I figured since they were all the same, if I just slapped a .unique() that would give me only one answer and sure enough, it was the correct answer as well. For the optional one I was already looking at the loc/iloc and used the code from 4.2 02-Stu_GoodMovies_Loc gave me the code to figure out the table. For the next part I kept on getting 249 and I couldn't figure out why. I was googling "dropping the duplicates" and was just getting back the function drop_duplicate which wasn't working. So I read and reread the question over again and realized that they didn't want that one mouse at all so I was taking away what I called all_mouse_dup_data. Since I wasn't dropping the "duplicate" but that whole data I just googled "dropping data in panda" which let me know there was a drop function which I found this website helpful:https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.drop.html. My code still wasn't quite working so I tried to change a few things like axis=1. This just gave me some weird indexes which made me realize that I could just take out those unique indexes that are shown on the left-hand side, I should have what is being looked for. I found this website: https://blog.enterprisedna.co/pandas-drop-index/#:~:text=In%20pandas%2C%20you%20can%20use,drop%20and%20reset%20the%20index.&text=In%20the%20output%2C%20you%20can,labels%20from%20rows%20or%20columns. After adding .index the code seemed to work and when I ran the len() again I got 248.
 
Summary Statistics
 The next part has us gather the usual statistics which I have used numpy before so I added it in the imported list. We are tasked with showing those calculations for each drug regimen for the tumor volume. Made the calculations and then put it in a DataFrame like we did in the last assignment. The next part wanted us to make it all one line using the aggregation method which I didn't really remember being taught to us. Google helps out again and I looked at this website: https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.aggregate.html which let me know I could "list of functions and/or function names, e.g. [np.sum, 'mean']". Boom.

Bar and Pie Charts
 For this part I just looked at the different activities from class and copied and pasted, changing what I needed to. I ended up labeling the x and y variables because I was getting the right counts, but the labels were off. I ended up printing off y and then forcing the x ticks to match that y data to kinda brute force it to be correct. Then I went on to the next section and realized that this is where they wanted us to use the plt.bar and the first part was that type=bar. Created that code and moved what I worked on to the next question. Next on to pie charts. Pretty easy copy and paste but I did look up how to add the percents in the pie chart.

Quartiles, Outliers and Boxplots
 5.3 lesson 02-Ins_Quartiles_and_Outliers helped me with the code for the quantiles and outliers. These websites helped me with changing the color and size of my outlier: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65648502/how-to-change-outlier-point-symbol-in-python-matplotlib-pyplot and https://python-charts.com/distribution/box-plot-matplotlib/

Line and Scatter Plots
 For this I just looked at the two examples from the lessons 5.1 11-Ins_ScatterPlots and 12-Stu_ScatterPy. I was a little annoyed at this as I was not getting anything when using the mouse I509. I took a look at the original csv scripts for Study_results.csv and Mouse_metadata.csv and I couldn't find that mouse at all which was a little misleading. I just ended up picking a random mouse that had Capomulin given to them. My code seemed to work afterwards.
 
Correlation and Regression
 5.3 lesson 09-Stu_Fits_and_Regression helped with creating the linear regression line. I did run into some trouble with another line appearing that zoomed out the graph to a weight of 45 so I just put x and y limits and got it to look almost exactly like the example given.
